As a conservation scientist
within the National Museum of Asian Art,
we're focused on using scientific techniques
to understand materials, how a particular artwork was made
and how those materials may change over time
and what may be done to preserve them
for longer periods of time.
This particular camera is a hyperspectral imaging camera
that's gonna split up infrared light
into the different wavelengths
and measure that on the camera sensor.
And that then can all be assembled into a cube of data later
that we can examine and interpret
to see how the object,
what its reflectance characteristics are,
and where those different signals are coming from.
We can see unique spectral features from each material,
and so that can tell us the materials that are present.
Each pigment is gonna have its own response,
both in how we see it in the visible light
as well as in the infrared light.
This sample is a set of pigments that was painted out.
It's a mix of both inorganic or organic pigments,
and we've used this as comparison samples
to our actual objects.
Vermilion, red lead, malachite, azurite,
which appears as blue.
And indigo is down here.
This is a very dark paint-out of indigo.
So in some cases these pigments
may look entirely transparent in the infrared
and we may just see signals from the paper below it.
In other cases,
it's gonna have distinctive spectral features
and we could immediately identify what pigments are there.
The next setup is going to be to capture the data from it.
So I can just essentially hit Start.
So the collection often can be fast
and the interpretation may take a long time.
Yeah, everything's, that's fine.
So that should now be essentially 600,
some lines of data that are then finished. It's saved,
so that's this object is done.
Right now we're looking at a scene from
the Japanese hand scrolls about Jizō Bosatsu
and in this scene we've identified pigments
that are present based off of the spectra that we see.
And so we're gonna look at those spectra
and then find out where those different pigments appear.
So I'm gonna take the information
that I've learned from those paint-outs
and apply it to uncovering what each of these curves mean.
This is a set of spectra.
At the top we have the response of a white pigment.
The bottom, we have a black pigment
that has very little signal.
I'm gonna focus on this green spectrum,
which is a copper green
and this purple spectrum that we can associate as indigo.
So we're gonna take these different spectra
and process all of the spectra within that data cube
to look for when do we see these features.
And we're gonna have a map that is gonna show
how much does this pixel match up to
that particular spectral feature.
So we've divided this up by scenes.
In this interior scene,
we can see a number of ladies-in-waiting inside
on these tatami mats, which appears somewhat of green.
And we've seen a number of areas of red
and some other discoloration.
So if we were trying to, let's say,
look for this copper green,
which we know is present based on the appearance
and based on other techniques
where we know that there's copper present.
We can, I have to open up a another file
to highlight this, 'cause it's here.
So what we're seeing now is everywhere where it is bright,
the whiter it is, the closer a match it is
to that copper green spectrum.
So in these areas where we can see these to tatami mats,
we can see a really strong signal
from that copper green,
more so than we might expect based on looking at it visibly.
The other case, the indigo that I mentioned,
if I was glancing at this, I might not say
where would the indigo go?
So that again, is this purple spectrum,
is this kind of particular inflection point
around 700 nanometers.
And if I load that spectrum,
where we see these bright white areas
is where this indigo was present.
So in that case,
it's really found at the bottom of the scroll
giving sort of either a watery or foggy presence
below this interior scene.
And we've actually found that
in a lot of different areas of the scroll.
Once we know it's there, we can kind of just see
its presence, but we can also see
where it was lost between the fill.
So this is gonna be,
the contrast is a bit boosted now to look at.
One of the things we'd like to do
is to confirm these areas
where we think there is indigo
based off of the statistical analysis.
I wanna actually confirm by looking at the spectrum there.
So here I can pull up the spectrum
and see that kind of distinctive shape of the indigo.
So that lets me know it's there
and in areas where by my eye,
it looks like a very similar faint blue
in this area of damage.
The software doesn't see the indigo
and I don't see it there in the spectrum either.
So we're able to pull out some of this information
that we wouldn't otherwise note.
We can kind of essentially go
and kind of explore around the scene.
This can be really useful for at first glance
to determine how similar or different are pigment areas
or going through and seeing different shapes of profiles.
It can give us some of the pigments
that we wanna be on the lookout for.
Here we're looking at this deep red color,
which is the vermilion, which is a mercury sulfide
and has a very sharp transition that's very distinctive.
This is vermilion.
And then we also see in this pinkish area,
it's a vermilion mixed with the lead white,
which makes it brighter,
but we still see that very sharp transition.
Then in other areas we have the lead-based white,
which we can see its reflectance here
and that the palette of this scroll
compared to some of the other things that we look at
is much more limited
and that that's most simply the style.
Well, I really like that it's a field
where as a scientist I am also mingling with non-scientists,
because we each come with our own perspective.
Often this hyperspectral data is only one part of it.
We also want to put it into context.
So it's time where we will bring in a conservator
to discuss what our findings are
and what those might mean for the object's history
and to the art historian to talk about
what that might mean for the choices that an artist made
and the materials that are present
and what that could mean for its history.
(upbeat music)